hello well I don't know fifteen twenty years ago I got really interested
in the fact a lot of people were graduating with bachelor's degrees
who didn't see very well educated to me they didn't have a good grasp
of history there and no bass very well and it just seemed like
a person with a college degree should be literate they should be familiar
with the fine arts they should know basic skills like mathematics
and science and they weren't so I started asking people what kind
of questions do you think are important that are required all the
time so if you talk about specific courses to make a difference there
are two groups in the first instance university will tell you we will
not give you a degree unless you take these courses and so the choruses
breezy but what about electives it also electives are different
in the one electives I would recommend to everyone in the world
and it's not universally dot is taking a course in statistics and I
think it should be statistics probably in one of the boys here real
science schools not in the math department because I'm not interested
in the theoretical underpinnings of how you do correlation causation
well I'm interested in is what does that say about the data and that's
how the behavioral science people approach so even if you're a
math quiz in very advanced in math I recommend to it just course in
behavioral science school and in some feeling for the hell other people
are made of the recommendations my sister in law so we all should
take a course in genetics set has a big influence on our life anything